hey everybody it's AJ um what's up I
haven't sat down here with you guys in a
long time so today I was gonna do a
video on teeth whitening because a lot
of you guys want to know how I get these
things so pearly y ah well let me tell
you a secret they're not that way in
real life I wipe my teeth probably like
once a year just because they're like
super sensitive my gums cannot handle
anything basically no ice cream no cold
drinks and I think I have like mild
gingivitis if you're like me and you
brush your teeth and there's just like
blood yeah that happens all the time I'm
using this Rembrandt to our whitening
kit so it's just one time a year for two
hours basically I don't like using
strips that take like seven days because
after like the third day I'll be like
forget it I'm done whitening nobody has
time for that really and the strips also
they suck I mean they don't stay on your
teeth and they taste really gross
basically it comes in a thing like this
and these are the little two trays and
then these are the four fillings so it
is for applications I think for 20
minutes with ten-minute breaks in
between yeah I'm probably only gonna do
two for an hour just because I don't let
my teeth fall out and if they start
hurting then we'll see
okay so first what you got to do is take
this little tray out and you're supposed
to shape it to your teeth so I have this
cup of little warm water and you dip it
in there for five seconds one two three
four five and then oh that happens
and then put it in your mouth we're
going to do it
okay so you after 30 seconds you mold
them like that is keeping your mouth and
then they like mold to your teeth and
then okay then you take one of these
little whitening things and basically
just put it in the tray like that and no
you what or one remember all right so it
has been an hour already and they are
looking a whiter orator and I think I'm
assuming do for the next hour because I
actually don't hurt at all so good job
Rembrandt
oh look it's a oh no just kidding they
do look whiter yeah there you go that's
how you keep your teeth white in the end
actually I really like this one mostly
because my teeth are really sensitive
and it didn't hurt whatsoever and it's
pretty easy but the one thing I didn't
like about it is that the tray is just
really annoying to keep in your mouth
for two hours but so worth it I guess so
that's how you get these pearly white
teeth just once a year and that's it and
by the ways that little rep that I'm
listening to too was me and my group
singing our song rock star you can go
check out this video I'll put it
somewhere down the link and also follow
me on Twitter and Instagram at a Jo day
it's the same for both and that's it
I'll see you guys in my next video bye